[EGD2025 Day 2] Poster session (#484)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/egd2025/day-2-posters.md

---
media:
- bluesky-galaxyproject
- linkedin-galaxyproject
- mastodon-galaxyproject
- matrix-eu-announce
hashtags:
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
mentions:
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - galaxyfreiburg@xn--baw-joa.social
---

> Lively Day 2 poster session—buzzing debates and fresh Galaxy workflows to boost research FAIRness across disciplines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lively Day 2 poster session started with buzzing debates and novel Galaxy usecases to boost research and teaching FAIRness across disciplines.
```
